Change cleanup default (#349)
spiffe/helm-charts-hardened: charts/spire/README.md

## Upgrade notes

We only support upgrading one major/minor version at a time. Version skipping isn't supported. Please see https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spire-helm-charts-hardened-about/upgrading/ for details.

### 0.21.X

> - If you're doing upgrades as recommended, no special actions should be needed.

Reviewer: This statement doesn't seem appropriate for upgrade notes, as it effectively says

"Version skipping isn't supported" which is exactly what the line 76 already says.

If you wanted to express some other issue, please be specific in the issue you are discussing, otherwise, consider cutting this line, as it doesn't direct someone to do something, except on a condition that's not clearly mentioned.

> - spire-server.controllerManager.entryIDPrefixCleanup's default changed from "" to false. Upgrades through 0.20.X clean up old entries in the database. After upgrading to 0.21.X, manual entries will not be overridden by the spire-controller-manager. Skipping over chart releases (unsupported), requires manual setting of this value to "" to trigger the cleanup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The default value of spire-server.controllerManager.entryIDPrefixCleanup changed from "" to false. Prior to this release upgrades cleaned up old entries in the database. After upgrading to 0.21.X, manual entries will not be overridden by the spire-controller-manager. Skipping over chart releases (unsupported), requires manual setting of this value to "" to trigger the cleanup.
```

## Upgrade notes

We only support upgrading one major/minor version at a time. Version skipping isn't supported. Please see https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spire-helm-charts-hardened-about/upgrading/ for details.

### 0.21.X

> - If your doing upgrades as recommended, there should be no special actions needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you're doing upgrades as recommended, there should be no special actions needed.
```

- The default value for spire-server.controllerManager.entryIDPrefixCleanup has been changed from "" to false. Upgrades through 0.20.X will have cleaned up old entries in the database and after upgrading to 0.21.X, you may now have

> entries managed manually not get overwritten or cleared out by the spire-controller-manager. If you skipped 0.20.0 right to 0.21.X (unsupported), you will need to manually set the value back to "" to get it to cleanup.

Reviewer 2: @kfox1111 Im not sure what this means. Can you elaborate?

Author: At 0.21.0+, you can do stuff like:
```shell
kubectl exec -it -n spire-system spire-server-0 spire-server entry create \
  -spiffeID spiffe://example.com/myentry \
  -parentID spiffe://example.com/mynode \
  -selector uid:0
```

And have it not get deleted by the controller manager.

If you didn't follow directions and upgrade through a supported version first, it provides a hint on how to fix it.

Reviewer: How about:

- spire-server.controllerManager.entryIDPrefixCleanup's default changed from "" to false.  Upgrades through 0.20.X clean up old entries in the database.  After upgrading to 0.21.X, manual entries will not be overridden by the spire-controller-manager.  Skipping over chart releases (unsupported), requires manual setting of this value to "" to trigger the cleanup.

> - The default value for spire-server.controllerManager.entryIDPrefixCleanup has been changed from "" to false. Upgrades through 0.20.X will have cleaned up old entries in the database and after upgrading to 0.21.X, you may now have
> entries managed manually not get overwritten or cleared out by the spire-controller-manager. If you skipped 0.20.0 right to 0.21.X (unsupported), you will need to manually set the value back to "" to get it to cleanup.

Author: ```suggestion
- spire-server.controllerManager.entryIDPrefixCleanup's default changed from "" to false. Upgrades through 0.20.X clean up old entries in the database. After upgrading to 0.21.X, manual entries will not be overridden by the spire-controller-manager. Skipping over chart releases (unsupported), requires manual setting of this value to "" to trigger the cleanup.
```
